Next, let's look at how we can actually use this Lidar object to scan
the environment around us and tell us something about what the environment looks like.
So for this next exercise,
we're doing Lidar sensing and we're going to be looking
at calling the "Scan" function from lidar.h.
Then we're going to look at the results of the scan
and we'll be seeing the rays that this creates,
the Lidar lasers that are actually spanning from the Lidar sensor.
So in order to do this,
looking at lidar.h, there is a "Scan" function near the bottom.
So "Scan" actually doesn't take in any arguments.
The Lidar has everything it needs to know.
It has the cars and it has the ground slope.
It's going to generate this PCL PointCloud for us.
So when you're calling the "Scan" just make sure that you're
using the same type for the variable that its generating.
Then you can actually visualize what this looks like.
So this PointCloud that's generating and that's by using a function in render.cpp.
So it has a function called "renderRays."
Right here at line 24 in render.cpp.
You can call "renderRays" and check out the arguments for it.
So we have this viewer,
we're passing it as a reference.
We'll give "renderRays" the viewer that we're working with environment.cpp.
We'll also tell it about the origin of this Lidar.
So that's because all the rays are being cast from this origin.
So in order to do this visualization for the rays,
we need to know this position.
The last argument is just going to be that PointCloud that we generated from the scan.
So if you pass that in,
you can then visualize what that looks like.
So back in environment.cpp now,
look at the documentation in lidar.h for how to use the "Scan",
generate the PointCloud and then feed in that "renderRays" function,
feed in the PointCloud there.
Go ahead and compile and run and the results should look something like this.